0x12-singly_linked_lists/README.md, before:

# C - Singly linked lists
This markes the beginning of our jouney into data structures during our ALX software engineering course

# Project files


## [`0-print_list.c`](0-print_list.c)
Prototype: size_t print_list(const list_t *h);
Return: the number of nodes \
Format: see example \
If str is NULL, print [0] (nil) \
You are allowed to use printf \

## [`1-list_len.c`](1-list_len.c)
Write a function that returns the number of elements in a linked list_t list.
Prototype: size_t list_len(const list_t *h);

## [`2-add_node.c`](2-add_node.c)
Write a function that adds a new node at the beginning of a list_t list.
Prototype: list_t *add_node(list_t **head, const char *str); \
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed \
str needs to be duplicated \
You are allowed to use strdup \

## [`3-add_node_end.c`](3-add_node_end.c)
Write a function that adds a new node at the end of a list_t list.
Prototype: list_t *add_node_end(list_t **head, const char *str); \
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed \
str needs to be duplicated \
You are allowed to use strdup \

## [`4-free_list.c`](4-free_list.c)
Write a function that frees a list_t list.
Prototype: void free_list(list_t *head);

Commit message:

function that prints before main

0x12-singly_linked_lists/README.md, after:

# C - Singly linked lists
This markes the beginning of our jouney into data structures during our ALX software engineering course

# Project files


## [`0-print_list.c`](0-print_list.c)
Prototype: size_t print_list(const list_t *h);
Return: the number of nodes \
Format: see example \
If str is NULL, print [0] (nil) \
You are allowed to use printf \

## [`1-list_len.c`](1-list_len.c)
Write a function that returns the number of elements in a linked list_t list.
Prototype: size_t list_len(const list_t *h);

## [`2-add_node.c`](2-add_node.c)
Write a function that adds a new node at the beginning of a list_t list.
Prototype: list_t *add_node(list_t **head, const char *str); \
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed \
str needs to be duplicated \
You are allowed to use strdup \

## [`3-add_node_end.c`](3-add_node_end.c)
Write a function that adds a new node at the end of a list_t list.
Prototype: list_t *add_node_end(list_t **head, const char *str); \
Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed \
str needs to be duplicated \
You are allowed to use strdup \

## [`4-free_list.c`](4-free_list.c)
Write a function that frees a list_t list. \
Prototype: void free_list(list_t *head);

##['100-first.c'](100-first.c)
Write a function that prints You're beat! and yet, you must allow,\nI bore my house upon my back!\n before the main function is executed. \
You are allowed to use the printf function
